Architecture Explanation:

Given that we don't know the specific business system that we are building an architecture for, I wrote a generic architecture diagram that
should be compatible with capturing the large majority of functional and non-functional requirements that we should expect from a system,
though for systems with more specific requirements, we may need to make specialized changes. This generalized architecture also leaves the
software architecture decisions to be defined once we have more specific requirements in the future. This means that the architect can decide
if they want to use a monolith, a microservice, or some other architecture type in the future.

Component Relationships:

This diagram is designed to show the general flow for a system that leverages AI to achieve business outcomes. The major components that we have are
Data Procurment/Processing Systems, Model Inference/Processing Systems, Metrics/Reliability Systems, and User-Interface Systems. These are going to
be the systems that you will find in any solution that leverages AI as a core part of the functionality for the business operation system. A lot of these
things may change, and the architecture can be re-organized, but the point is that we need the aforementioned parts of the system because they are core to
enabling AI in our systems. We wrote the architecture in this way, because data acquisition must happen before inferencing, inferencing must happen before
reporting to the business operation function.

Design Principles:

When designing solutions/software architectures, there are several principles that need to come into play. The most important one in my opinion is 
simplicity and clarity, because the architect must be able to explain the components to the key stakeholders. After that comes the systems that
incorporate systems for performance, reliability, scalability, and security as these metrics are heavily influenced by the functional and non-functional requirements
of the system. All of these principles must be balanced when developing the architecture such that we can maximize each while still conforming the system design
to the requirements for the system that the key stakeholders are interested in.

Understanding Impacts of Changing Components:

While this diagram is quite generic, it shows the components that are going to be required to build a solution that incorporates significant AI functionality
into the system. If someone made significant changes to the Data Procurement System like adding features that drastically reduced performance, that would be felt
in every component that relies on the data procurement in order to function properly. It can be difficult to quantify how changes in a component may impact the entire
system or a series of other components that rely on the changed component. Sometimes the change may impact in a positive, negative, or no real way at all. It depends
highly on the way the components interact with each other.
